- > Our Program around funtions 
    i.e Blocks of Statements that Manipulate data . this is called Procedure-Oriented  way of Programming

->  There is another way of Organizing your program which is to combine data and functionality and warp 
    it inside something called an object. This is called as Object oriented Programming


OOP'S Concepts:
    -> Class 
    -> Objects 
    -> Polymorphism
    -> Encapsulation 
    -> Inhertance
    -> Data Abstraction 

Class 
    -> Class is a collection of Objects 
    -> A Class is a Blueprint for how something should be defined.
    -> Classes define the function called method, which identify the behaviours that an object created from 
    the class can perform with its data

Object:
    -> Object are anything that has properties and some behaviours
    -> Properties of objects -> Variable
    -> Behaviours -> Functions of the Objects
    -> The Properties that all object have are defined in A method called __init__()
    -> __init__ sets the initial state of the object 



TASK
    2)Write a program which contains one class named as BookStore.
    Bookstore class contains two instance variables as Name , Author.
    That class contains one class variable as NoofBooks which is initialize to 0
    There is one instanace methods of class as Display which displays name, author and number of books.
    Initialise instance variable in init method by accepting the values from user as name and author.
    Inside init method increment value of NoOfBooks by one.
    After creating the class create the two objects of BookStore class as
    Obj1=Bookstore(“Linux System Programming”,”Robert Love”)
    Obj1.Display()  # Linux System Programming. No of books : 1
    
    Obj2=Bookstore(“C Programming”,”Robert Love”)
    Obj2.Display()  # C Programming by Dennis Ritchie. No of books :2
    
    3)Write a program which contains one class named as Circle
    Circle class contains three instance variables as Radius,Area ,Circumference.
    That class contains one class variable as PI which is initialize to 3.14
    Inside init method initialize all instance variables to 0.0
    There are three instance methods inside class as Accept(), CalculateArea(), CalculateCircumference( ),
    ,Display( )
    Accept method will accept value of Radius from user.
    CalculateArea () method will calculate area of circle and store it into instance variable Area.
    CalculateCircumference () method will calculate circumference of circle and store it into instance variable
    Circumference.
    And Display( ) method will display value of all the instance variables as radius , Area , Circumference.
    After designing the above class call all instance methods by creating multiple objects
    
    4) Write a program which contains one class named as BankAccount.
    BankAccount class contains two instance variables as Name & Amount.
    That Class Contains one class variable as ROI which is initialize to 10.5
    Inside init method initialize all name and amount variable by accepting the values from user.
    There are four instance methods inside class as Display() , Deposit (), Withdraw( ), CalculateInterest()
    Deposit( ) method will accept the amount from user and add that value in class instance variable Amount.
    Withdraw() method will accept amount to be withdrawn from user and subtract that amount from class instance variable Amount.
    CalculateInterst() method calculate the interest based on Amount by considering rate of interest which is Class variable as ROI
    And Display () method will display value of all the instance variables as Name and Amount.
    After designing the above class call all instance methods by creating multiple objects